Docs: Added content to SaaS services stub (#17349)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/sourcing-from-saas-services.md

title: Sourcing from SaaS Services
---

> There are many Gatsby plugins that integrate with SaaS services. You can search for more [Gatsby plugins](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/plugins/) and [Gatsby starters](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/starters/) that integrate with hosted services. Some examples include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many Gatsby plugins that integrate with SaaS (Software as a Service). You can search for [Gatsby plugins](/plugins/) as well as [Gatsby starters](/starters/) that integrate with hosted services to source content and functionality. Some examples include:
```

- [Airtable](/packages/gatsby-source-airtable)
- [AWS DynamoDB](/packages/gatsby-source-dynamodb)
- [Contentful](/packages/gatsby-source-contentful/)
- [Firebase](/packages/gatsby-source-firebase)
- [Google Docs](/packages/gatsby-source-google-docs)
- [Prismic](/packages/gatsby-source-prismic-graphql)
- [Shopify](/packages/gatsby-source-shopify)

These plugins will pull data from a hosted service and make it available to your Gatsby site via GraphQL.

> You can also [write your own source plugin](/docs/creating-a-source-plugin/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also [write your own source plugin](/docs/creating-a-source-plugin/) to integrate with a service that isn't already represented.
```
